Azure container template page (#2099)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/templates/container-service/azure/index.md

---
title: Container Service on Azure
layout: template

# Make sure this is description accurate for this template.
meta_desc: The Container Service template makes it easy to deploy a container service on Azure with Pulumi and Azure Container Instances (ACI).

# Be sure to replace this image. Figma source file:
# https://www.figma.com/file/lGrSpwbGGmbixEuewMbtkh/Template-Architecture-Diagrams?node-id=15%3A196
meta_image: meta.png

# Appears on the cards on template-overview pages.
card_desc: Deploy a container service on Azure with Pulumi and Azure Container Instances.

# Used for generating language-specific CLI commands and links to the templates repo on GitHub.
template:
  prefix: container-azure
  dirname: my-container-service
  languages:
    - typescript
    - python
    - go
    - csharp

# Used for generating links to sibling templates in the right-hand nav. Slug is this template's parent directory.
cloud:
  name: Microsoft Azure

>   slug: Azure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  slug: azure
```

## Deploying the project

The template requires no additional configuration. Once the new project is created, you can deploy it immediately with [`pulumi up`]({{< relref "/docs/reference/cli/pulumi_up" >}}):

```bash
$ pulumi up
```

When the deployment completes, Pulumi exports the following [stack output]({{< relref "/docs/intro/concepts/stack#outputs" >}}) values:

hostname
: The host name of the container group.

ip
: The public IP address of the container group.

url
: The HTTP URL of the container group.

Output values like these are useful in many ways, most commonly as inputs for other stacks or related cloud resources. The computed `url`, for example, can be used from the command line to open the newly deployed container in your favorite web browser:

```bash
$ open $(pulumi stack output url)
```

## Customizing the project

Projects created with the Container Service template expose the following [configuration]({{< relref "/docs/intro/concepts/config" >}}) settings:

> container_port
> : Specifies the port mapping for the container. Defaults to port `80`.
> 
> cpu
> : Specifies the amount of CPU to use with each container group. Defaults to `1` CPU.
> 
> memory
> : Specifies the amount of memory to use with each container group. Defaults to `2` GB.
> 
> imageName
> : The name of the container image deployed to your container group. Defaults to `my-app`.
> 
> imageTag
> : The tag assigneed to the container image deployed to your container group. Defaults to `latest`.
> 
> appPath
> : Specifies the location of the Dockerfile used to build the container image that is run. Defaults to the `./app` folder, which contains a "Hello World" example app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
appPath
: The path to the folder containing the application and Dockerfile. Defaults to `./app`, which contains a "Hello world" example.

containerPort
: The port to expose on the container. Defaults to `80`.

cpu
: The number of CPU cores to allocate on the container. Defaults to `1`.

memory
: The amount of memory, in GB, to allocate on the container. Defaults to `2`.

imageName
: The name of the container image to be published to Azure Container Registry. Defaults to `my-app`.

imageTag
: The tag applied to published container images. Defaults to `latest`.
```
